- **philanthropy** [n.] _the desire to promote the welfare of others, expressed especially by the generous donation of money to good causes_
  > The family's philanthropy made it possible to build the public library.
- philanthropist [n.]
---
- **gynecology** [n.] _the branch of medical science that deals with women's diseases and medical conditions_
- **gynecologist** [n.] _a physician specializing in gynecology_
- gynecologic / gynaecological / **gynecological** [adj.] 
---
- **hysteria** [n.] _hysteria among a group of people is a state of uncontrolled excitement, anger, or panic_
  > By now, she was screaming, completely overcome with hysteria.
---
- **inclusive** [adj.] _if you describe a group or organization as inclusive, yhou mean that it allows all kinds of people to belong to it, rathr than jsut one kind of person_
  > Inclusive employment supports women, young people, and people with disabilities.
---
- **divident** [n.] _A divident is the part of company's profits which is paid to people who have shares in the company._
  > The first quarter divident has been increased by nearly 4 per cent.
---
- **cadence** [n.] _The cadence of someone's voice is the way their voice gets higher and lower as they speak._
  > He recognized the Polish cadences in her voice.
---
- **espionage** [n.] _Espionage is the activity of finding out the political, military, or industrial secrets of your enemies or rivals by using spies_
  > The authorities have arrested several people suspected of espionage.
---
- **apprenticeship** [n.] _someone who has an apprenticeship works for a fixed period of time for a person who has a particular skill in order to learn the skill._
  > After serving his appreticeship as a toolmaker, he became a manager.
---
- **encapsulate** [v.] _To encapsulate particular facts or ideas means to represent all their most important aspects in a very small space or in a single object or event_
  * encapsulates
  * encapsulating
  * encapsulated
  > A Wall Street Journal editorial encapsulated the views of many conservatives.
---
- neuroplasticity [n.]
---
