- **Intellectual Property** (IP)
---
- **folk** [plural n.] _people in general_
- **folks** [plural n. (informal)]
  * _a friendly way of addressing more than one person_
  * _the members of your family, especially your parents_
  > I am going to visit my folks at the weekend.
  > Well, folks, what are we going to do today?
---
- **informality** [n.]
  * _relaxed and friendly behaviour or speech that does not follow strict rules of how to  behave or do something_
    > He enjoyed the relative informality of the occasion.
  * _a style that does not follow strict rules_
    > His early paintings display great informality and lightness of touch.
---
- **inclusivity** [n.] _the fact or policy of providing equal opportunities and resources for people who might otherwise not get them, for example people who are disabled or belong to minority groups_
  > We aim to promote greater inclusivity across the sport.
- [synonym] inclusion
- [opposite] exclusivity / exclusiveness
---
- **bear** [v.] _(used especially with can/could in negative sentences and questions) to be able to accept and deal with something unpleasant_
  * [synonym] **stand**
  * [Phrasal Verbs]
    * bear something
    * bear doing something
    * bear somebody doing something
---
- **manifest** [v.]
  * _mainfest something(in something) to show something clearly, especially a feeling, an attitude or a quality_
    * [synonym] demonstrate
    * Social tensions were manifested in the recent political crisis
  * manifest itself(in something) to appear or become easy to notice
    * [synonym] appear
    * The symptoms of the disease manifested themselves ten days later. 
- **manifesto**
- **manifestation**
---
- **vigor**/vigour [n.] _energy, force or enthusiasm_
  > He worked with renewed vigor and determination.
- [synonym] **vitality** [n.] _enery and enthusiasm_
  > She is bursting with vitality and new ideas.
---
- **sympathetic** [adj.] _kind to somebody who is hurt or sad; something that you understand and care about their problems_
  > a sympathetic listener.
---
- **allegory** [n.] _An allegory is a story, poem, or painting in which the characters and events are symbols of something else. Allegories are often moral, religious, or political_
  > The book is a kind of allegory of Latin American history.
- **allegories** [plural n.]
---
- **exception** [n.] _a person or thing that is not included in a general statement_
  * > Most of the buildings in the town are modern, but the church is an exception.
  * > Nobody had much money at the time and I was no exception.
---
- **interception** [n.] _the act of stopping somebody/something that is going from one place to another from arriving_
  > The missile defence system resulted in the successful interception of five of the six rockets.
--- 
- **beneath** [prep.] _in or to a lower position than somebody/something; under somebody/something_
  * > The found the body buried beneath a pile of leaves.
  * > The boat sank beneath the waves.
---
- [**anatomy** n.]
 - calf muscle / calves
 - thighs
 - torso
---
- **testimonial** [n.] _a formal statement testifying to someone's character and qualifications_
  > The catalogue is full of testimonials from satisfied customers.
---
- **ponder** [v.] _to think about something carefully for a period of time_
  * pondering, pondered
  * [synonym] consider
  * [phrasal verb]
    * ***ponder over something*** _She pondered over his words._
    * ***ponder on something*** _They were left to ponder on the implications of the announcement._
    * ***ponder something*** _The senator pondered the question for a moment._
--- 
- **intellect** [n.] _the ability to think in a logical way and understand things, especially at an advanced level; your mind_
  > a man of considerable intelect
- **intellectual** [adj.] _connected with or using a person's ability to think in a logical way and understand things_
  > I couldn't wrap my intellectual mind around this thing.
- **intellectually** [adv.]
  > We can 'get it' intellectually but then still drive ourselves around the bend trying to work things out from the level of thinking.
- **intellectuality** [n.]
---
- **delve** [v.] _reach inside a receptacle and search for something_
  > ...delving into the human mind and continuing my spiritual journey.
---
- **embark** [v.] _go on board a ship, aircraft, or other vehicle_
  * [phrasal verbs]
    * ***embark on/upon*** _begin (a course of action, especially one that is important or demanding)_
    > let's embark on a journey together, starting with self-awareness.
---
- **organism** [n.] _(biology) living organism_
---
- **inadequate** [adj.] _lacking the quality or quantity required; insufficient for a purpose_
  > I felt like a fraud, inadequate to the task.
---
- **imposter / impostor** [n.] _a person who pretends to be someone else in order to deceive others, especially for fraudulent gain._
  > the charity has warned anyone approached by the impostor to contact the police immediately.
---
- **perceptual** [adj.] _relating to the ability to perceive things or the process of perceiving_
  * > Over time, these become conditioned automatic neural networks in the brain, which act as **perceptual** filters.
  * > If you have the belief that you are not good enough/worthy enough/lovable, and so on, these **perceptual** filters will filter reality so that's what you see mirrored back. The mind will also use unconsious belief bias to hunt for evidence that these beliefs are true, which continues to keep the neural networks active. 
---
- **retreat** [n.] _a quiet, private place that you go to in order to get away from your usual life_
- **retreats** [n.] _retreats provide a dedicated space to unplug and recharge._
  > spiritual retreats / wellness retreats
---
- **lounge** [n.] _a public room in a hotel, club, an airport etc. for waiting or relexing in_
---
- **profound** [adj.] _very great; felt or experienced very strongly_
  > a profound philosopher.
---
- **strike** [v.] _to hit somebody/something hard or with force_
- **struck** [v.] _past tense past participle of ***strike***_
  > This insight struck me like a thunderbolt and I found myself sobbing.
---
- **sober** [adj.] _(of people and their behaviour) serious and sensible_
  > He was as sober as a judge.
---
- **symbolize / symbolise** [v.] _to be a symbol of something; represent_
  > The unicore symbolises the transformation that occurs within us when we tap into our innate wisdom and power, which is the truth of who you really are.
---
- **authoritarian** [adj.] _believing that people should obey authority and rules, even when these are unfair, and even if it means that they lose their personal freedom_
  > An authoritarian regime/government/state.
- **authoritarianism** [n.] _the belief that people should obey authority and rules; is a political system characterized by the rejection of political plurality, the use of strong central power to preserve the political status quo, and reductions in democracy, separation of powers, civil liberties, and the rule of law, maybe either autocratic or oligarchic_
---
- **conservative** [adj. / n.] _averse to change or innovation and holding traditional values._
  > I was born and raised in a conservative family.
--- 
- **divine** [adj.] _You use divine to describe something that is provided by or related to a god or goddess._
  > He suggested that the civil war had been a divine punishment.
---
- **transcend** [v.] _be or go beyond the range or limits of (something abstract, typically a conceptual field or division)_
- transcending
  > this was an issue transcending the tech space and reacing other corners of society.
---
- **elusive** [adj.] _difficult to find, catch, comprehend, or achieve_
  > When you're caught in a thought storm, clarity feels elusive.
- elusively [adv.]
- elusiveness [n.]
---
- archaeology [n.] 
- archaeological [adj.]
---
- 
