- **intimidate** [v.] _intimidate somebody (into something/into doing something) to frighten or threaten somebody so that they will do what you want_
  > Jones had set out to intimidate and dominate Paul. 
  > Attempts to intimidate people into voting for the governing party did not work.
- intimidates
- intimidating
  > They were accused of intimidating people into voting for them.
- intimidated
  > She refused to be intimidated by their threats.
- intimidation [n.]
---
- **cram** [v.] _to force a lot of people or things into a small space / to do many things in a short period of time / to try to learn a lot very quickly before an exam_
  > I have to cram for my chemistry test tomorrow.
- crams
- **cramming**
  > She's cramming for her history exam.
  > Everyone's cramming for their final exams.
  > I've procrastinated all semester, so I have a lot of cramming to do.
- crammed
  > Jill crammed her clothes into the bag.
  > A lot of information has been crammed into this book. [phrasal verb: **cram into**]
  > We all crammed in and Pete started the car. [phrasal verb: **cram in**]
- crammer
---
- **spectator** [countable n.] **audience**
- spectators
  > The match attracted over 40,000 spectators
---
- **spam**
  * [v.] To spam people or organizations means to send unwanted emails to a large number of them, usually as advertising.
    > ...programs that let you spam the newspapers.
  * [uncontable noun] unwanted email, usually advertisements
    > I get so much spam at work.
    > Some Internet service providers block spam to subscribers.
- spamed
- spamming
- spammer [countable noun: spammers]
---
- **brag** 
  * [v.] to speak too proudly about what you have done or what you own
    > She's always bragging about how much money she earns.
  * [n.]
    > He's an irritating brag whose sense of selfhood is defined by what he owns.
  * [adj.]
    > He did a really brag job on restoring that classic car.
  * ***Synonym:*** boast
- brags
- bragging
  > I'm not bragging but I think I did very well in the interview.
- bragged
  > He bragged to his friends about the crime.
- bragger
- braggest
- braggy
---
- **exacerbate** [v.] If somehing exacerbates a problem or bad situation, it makes it worse.
  > Longstanding poverty has been exacerbated by racial divisions.
- exacerbates
- exacerbating
- exacerbated
---
- **feather** [countable noun] _A bird's feathers are the soft covering on its body. Each feather consists of a lot of smooth hairs on each side of a thin stiff centre._
---
- **ritual**
  * [n.] _a religious service or other ceremony which involves a series of actions performed in a fixed order.
  * [adj.]
---
- **variety** [n.] _if something has variety, it consists of things which are different from each other._
---
- **IMO**: International Maritime Organization
---
- ***Oil Refining / Crude oil distillation words***
- furnace [n.] _a container or enclosed space in which a very hot fire is made, for example to melt metal, burn rubbish, or produce steam._
- bitumen / asphalt [n.] _a black sticky substance which is obtained from tar or petrol and is used in making roads._
- HFO (Heavy Fuel Oil / heavy gas oil) : _a thick, viscous, and low-cost residue from cude oil refining, primarily used as fuel for large shipping vessels, industrial boilers, and power plants._
- diesel [n.] _distillate, heating oil, truck fuel_
- kerosene / paraffin [n.] _jet fuel_
- gasoline / petrol
- naphtha [n.] _(petrochemicals) a volatile, fammable liquid hydrocarbon mixture produced by distilling petroleum or coal tar, make plastics, synthetic fibers, and solvents ()._
- LPG (Liquefied Petroleum Gas)
---
- character [n.]
  
- characterize [v.] _以…为特征_
- characterizes
- characterized [v.]
  > to be characterized by sth
- characterizing
- characterization
- characterizations
- characterizable
- characterizer
 
- characteristic [n.] _The characteristics of a person or thing are the qualities or features that belong to them and make then recognizable / a distinguishing quality, attribute, or trait_
  > Genes determine the characteristics of every living thing.
- characteristically [adv.]
---

















