- **obligate** 
  - 【v.】*to bind legally or morally, constrain*
    > The contract **obligates** the firm to complete the work in six weeks.
    > The other camp *seeks to **obligate*** people to identify solely within a gender binary of man or woman.
  - 【adj.】*restricted to one particularly characteristic mode of life*
    > an **obligate** parasite
  - 【adj. / v+ed】 **obligated** 
    > You are obligated to repay the loan.
  - 【v+ing.】 **obligating** 
- 【(plural: **obligations**) n.】 **obligation** 
- 【adv.】 **obligately** 
---
- **parenthesis**【n.】
  - 【plural】***parentheses**: "()"*
---
- **occurrence** 【n. & plural: **occurrences**】
  > What happened here was much more than a chance **occurrence** or a cycle.
  - 【Thesaurus / Conjugation】
    - 【Synonyms & Similar Words】 circumstance
    - 【Antonyms & Near Antonyms】
---
- **circumstance**【(plural: **circumstances**) n. 】*event or condition that affects what happened in a situation*
  > The **circumstance** made it hard to finish the project.
---
- **requisite** 【adj.】*as in necessary*
  > A good book is a **requisite** for long journeys.
---
- **prerequisite** 
  > *That must exist or happen before something else can happen or be done.*
  - 【(plural: **prerequisites**) n. 】
  > Having good credit is a **prerequisite** to applying for a loan.
  - 【adj.】
  > $Math 101$ is a **prerequisite** course for $Math 201$.
---
- **exponential** 
  - 【adj.】*of or shown by an exponent*
    > $2^4$ is an **exponential** expression.
    > **exponential** function / **exponential** expression.
---
- **exponent**
  - 【n.】*a raised figure or symbol that shows how many times a quantity must be multiplied by itself, for example the figure 4 in $a^4$*
---
- **empirical** 【adj.】*verifiable by observation or experience rather than theory or pure logic*
  > **Empirical** evidence supports the hypothesis.
---
- **heuristic** 【adj.】
  > **heuristic** teaching or education encourages you to learn by discovering things for yourself
  > The **heuristic** algorithm improved the program's efficiency.
- **heuristics**【(plural) n.  】*a method of solving problems by finding practical ways of dealing with them, learning from past experience*
  > Using **heuristics**, they improved the software's efficiency.
---
- **factual**【adj.】*based on facts without personal feelings*
  > Her statement was **factual** and could be verified.
---
- **drop in** 【phrasal verb & adj.】 *to visit someone / somewhere  casually or without planning ahead, usually without calling or making an appointment first.*
    > drop-in center (a place where people can visit anytime without booking)
---
- **infinitive** 【(plural: **infinitives**) n.】 (*e.g.* to + verb / verb only - bare infinitive) *the basic form of a verb such as be or run.* 
  - <u>gerund</u>  (plural noun: gerunds): *verb + -ing used as a noun (especially as subject).*
- **infinity** 【(plural: **infinities**) n.】 *uncountable* 
  > the infinity / infinities of spaces.
  > the number tends towards infinity.
---
- **auxiliary** 【adj.】 *offering or providing help, functioning in a subsidiary capacity (supplementary).*
  > an auxiliary branch of the state university.
  > auxiliary verb.
---
- **correlate** 
  - 【intransitive verb】 *correlate with something*
    > A high fat diet correlates with a greater risk of heart disease.
  - 【transitive verb】 correlate something to show that there is a close connection between two or more facts, figures, etc.
    > Researchers are trying to correlate the two sets of figures.
---
- **supplement** 【(plural: supplements) n.】*something added / as in complement(v.) / as in appendix*
  > recommends taking a vitamin C supplement to prevent colds.
- **supplementary** 【adj.】*as in auxiliary*
  > the teacher's edition of the textbook comes with a lot of supplementary material.
- supplemental 【adj.】*same as supplementary*
- **supplementation** 【uncountable n.】
  > dietary/nutritional/vitamin supplementation
---
- linguistic 【adj.】*connected with language or the scientific study of language*
- linguistics 【n.】*the scientific study of language or of particular languages*
---
- socialize 
  - 【vt.】*socialize somebody (to do something) to teach people to behave in ways that are acceptable to their society*
  - 【vi.】*(with somebody) to meet and spend time with people in a friendly way, in order to enjoy yourself*
  - socializing
- socialization 【n.】*[Life stages] the process by which somebody, especially a child, learns to behave in a way that is acceptable in their society*
---
