- **frugal** [adj.] _People who are frugal or who live frugal lives do not eat much or spend much money on themselves_
  > She lives a frugal life
- **frugality** [uncountable n.] 
  > We must practise the strictest frugality and economy
---
- **economy** [n.] the structure or conditions of enonomic life in a country, area, or period, an economic _system_
  > We'll also benefit from the **economies** provided by more efficient energy sources.
  
- **economic** [adj.] _refers to the production, distribution, and consumption of goods, services, and wealth, as well as the management of resources_
  > economic growth
  > economic theories
  > a group of economic advisers
- economics
  
- **economical** [adj.] something that is economical does not require a lot money to operate / using the minimum required, not wasteful of time, effort, resources, etc.
  * [synonym] thrifty
  * [branches] Microeconomics, Macroeconomics
  > ...plans to trade in their car for something smaller and more economical
  > ...ideas for economical housekeeping
- economically [adv.]
- ecological [adj.]

- sustain
- sustainable
- sustainability [n.]
---
- **multicultural** [adj.] _describes a society or entity that includes, values, and reflects multiple distinct cultures, ethnicities, or races, rather than a single dominant culture._
  > a multicultural society
  > multicultural education
- multiculturally [adv.]
---
- **tailor**
  * [n.] someone whose job is to make, repair, and adjust clothes
  * [v.] to adjust something to suit a particular need or situation / to make something specially so that it is right for a particular person, organization, or purpose
    > - tailor sth for sb/sth: You have to tailor application letters for each job you apply for.
    > - tailor sth to sb/sth: The company is tailoring its services to specific industrial sectors.
    > - tailor sth to sb's need: Some of the best growth prospects lie in tailoring products to customers' needs.
    > - tailor sth to do sth: A financial advisor can tailor a product to fit each person's circumstances.
- tailored [adj.]
  > Tax havens increasingly aim to provide specific tailored benefits for users.
---
- **transboundary** [adj.] refers to environmental, biological, or physical resources, pollutions, or impacts that across international borders, affecting two or more nations.
  > Exporters must ensure that a document accompanies each transboundary movement of hazardous waste
  > Norway put forward the proposal to control emissions of sulphur dioxide and thereby reduce transboundary pollution.
---
- environment
- **environmental** [adj.] _the surroundings, both natural and man-made, that effect living organisms._
  > We're here to discuss environmental issues.
- environmentally [adv.]
- environmentalism
---
- prospect [n.] _the possibility that something, usually somethign good, might happen in the future_
  > Is there any prospect of the weather improving?
- prospects [plural] the possibility of being successful, especially at work: good prospects
- prospector [n.] _to search for gold, oil, or other valuable substances on or under the surface of the earth._
  > a prospector searching for gold

- prosperity [n.] _the condition of being successful or thriving_
  > Energy sits at the intersection of prosperity, security, and sustainability.

- prosper [v.] _(of a person or a business) to be or become successful, especially financially_
  > Lots of microchip manufacturing companies prospered at that time
- prospered 
- prospering
- prospers

- prosperous [adj.] 
- prosperously
---
- 

















